---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_system_system Data Source - openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides system data about an OpenWrt device
---

# openwrt_system_system (Data Source)

Provides system data about an OpenWrt device

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "openwrt_system_system" "this" {
  id = "cfg01e48a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the section. This name is only used when interacting with UCI directly.

### Read-Only

- `conloglevel` (Number) The maximum log level for kernel messages to be logged to the console.
- `cronloglevel` (Number) The minimum level for cron messages to be logged to syslog.
- `description` (String) A short description for the system.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for the system.
- `klogconloglevel` (Number) The maximum log level for kernel messages to be logged to the console. Only used when klogd is running.
- `log_file` (String) File path for local log output.
- `log_hostname` (String) Hostname to send with syslog messages.
- `log_ip` (String) IP address of a remote syslog server.
- `log_port` (Number) Port of the remote syslog server (default 514).
- `log_proto` (String) Transport protocol for remote syslog. Must be one of: "tcp", "udp".
- `log_remote` (Boolean) Enable sending syslog to a remote server.
- `log_size` (Number) Size of the file based log buffer in KiB.
- `notes` (String) Multi-line free-form text about the system.
- `timezone` (String) The POSIX.1 time zone string. This has no corresponding value in LuCI. See: https://github.com/openwrt/luci/blob/cd82ccacef78d3bb8b8af6b87dabb9e892e2b2aa/modules/luci-base/luasrc/sys/zoneinfo/tzdata.lua.
- `ttylogin` (Boolean) Require authentication for local users to log in the system.
- `zonename` (String) The IANA/Olson time zone string. This corresponds to "Timezone" in LuCI. See: https://github.com/openwrt/luci/blob/cd82ccacef78d3bb8b8af6b87dabb9e892e2b2aa/modules/luci-base/luasrc/sys/zoneinfo/tzdata.lua.


