---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_wireless_wifi_iface Data Source - openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A wireless network.
---

# openwrt_wireless_wifi_iface (Data Source)

A wireless network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "openwrt_wireless_wifi_iface" "testing" {
  id = "testing"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the section. This name is only used when interacting with UCI directly.

### Read-Only

- `device` (String) Name of the physical device. This name is what the device is known as in LuCI/UCI, or the `id` field in Terraform.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disables this wireless interface without removing it.
- `encryption` (String) Encryption method. Currently, only PSK encryption methods are supported. Must be one of: "none", "psk", "psk2", "psk2+aes", "psk2+ccmp", "psk2+tkip", "psk2+tkip+aes", "psk2+tkip+ccmp", "psk+aes", "psk+ccmp", "psk-mixed", "psk-mixed+aes", "psk-mixed+ccmp", "psk-mixed+tkip", "psk-mixed+tkip+aes", "psk-mixed+tkip+ccmp", "psk+tkip", "psk+tkip+aes", "psk+tkip+ccmp", "sae", "sae-mixed".
- `hidden` (Boolean) Suppress SSID broadcast (hidden network).
- `ieee80211r` (Boolean) Enable 802.11r fast BSS transition (roaming).
- `ieee80211w` (Number) Management frame protection (802.11w). Must be one of: 0 = disabled, 1 = optional, 2 = required.
- `isolate` (Boolean) Isolate wireless clients from each other.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) The pre-shared passphrase from which the pre-shared key will be derived. The clear text key has to be 8-63 characters long.
- `macfilter` (String) MAC address filter mode. Must be one of: "disable", "allow", "deny".
- `maclist` (List of String) List of MAC addresses for the MAC filter.
- `maxassoc` (Number) Maximum number of associated clients.
- `mode` (String) The operation mode of the wireless network interface controller.. Currently only "ap" is supported.
- `network` (String) Network interface to attach the wireless network. This name is what the interface is known as in UCI, or the `id` field in Terraform.
- `ssid` (String) The broadcasted SSID of the wireless network. This is what actual clients will see the network as.
- `wpa_disable_eapol_key_retries` (Boolean) Enable WPA key reinstallation attack (KRACK) workaround. This should be `true` to enable KRACK workaround (you almost surely want this enabled).


